## Introduction
The FLEXScript specification was inspired by ECMAScript 6-9, JavaScript, JScript and many other technologies compiling in to one beautiful, concise programming language specification.

## 1. Definitions
### 1.1. Object
A type, class, function, property and value are all Objects.  A value wrapped in an Object wrapper would be the same as it's own class.
```javascript
new String("String") == new Object("String")  // true
new Array([1,2]) == new Object([1,2]) // true
new Boolean(true) == new Object(true) // true
```

### 1.2. Scope
The orientation of FLEXScript.

### 1.3. Variable
A user-defined or built-in value.

### 1.4. Expression
A way to evaluate if the said expression is true or false.
```javascript
1 == 1 // true
1 > 0 // true
1 < 0 // false
```

### 1.5. Built-In
A type, class, function, property or value that is hard coded into the programming language.

## 2. Conformance
A conforming implementation of FLEXScript may update, modify or append to any regular expression syntax described in the FLEXScript specification.

A conforming implementation of FLEXScript will comply with ISO/IEC 10646 standard, plus amendments; 1:2005, 2:2006, 3:2008, 4:2008 and additional ammendments and corrigenda, or successor.

A conforming implementation of FLEXScript may not modify or remove any described syntax in the FLEXScript specification unless otherwise noted under the said syntax's section, while adding your own syntax is applicable.  If it is a "Future Reserved Word", you may implement it in any way you wish.

## 3. Overview
The FLEXScript specification's overview documents the methods, usages, versions, references and side notes.  Other documentation on FLEXScript can be seen in seperate clauses and subclauses.

### 3.1. Usage in the Web
Much like ECMAScript, FLEXScript is usable in a website, but only if the source is programmed in Javascript or PHP, or an equivalent web oriented programming language, well it's general users are desktop developers.
Here the `document` and `window` would be defined in JavaScript, but FLEXScript deprecates `window` while document inherits `window`'s properties under the `document.window` property.
If implemented for website development, deprecation of the `filesystem` built-in is recommended, while it can be useful for reading configurations or logging non-important data such as voting for documentation as this has.

### 3.2. Implementation
#### 3.2.1. File System
The `filesystem` method is useful for many kinds of reasons, but particularily reading and writing.  It should be implemented on all desktop builds, while web programming doesn't require it, `filesystem` can be useful for database reading and writing for websites mainly.

#### 3.2.2. JSON Access
A `JSON` method is required for both desktop and website implementations of FLEXScript, for very obvious reasons.
